I wasn't fine I guess I couldn't see
what it was oh come on man sara is way
too hot what Battlefield games FPS
increases you need ask what was disabled
why do they take away Minicon damage to
tanks and armored miniguns have always
been useless I actually send a message
to dice today asking about a mini guns
come so tired of them being total crap
it seemed worse rev the bus they fight
they fire like skittles seriously it's
it's so irritating I mean I'm I actually
if you watch my guys you haven't seen if
you go and watch my helicopter gameplay
by let's see where fire goes okay he's
going down here it's going to try and
engage this tank right here I'm actually
winning which is which is really nice
but I'm just kind of mildly whisked him
still bitmaps a bit annoyed I'm gonna
try and get out here spawn kill
come on dude take him down I like
glitter Lee man where you going
repairing you stupid tank driver I'm
gonna be repaired or don't you want to
be repaired you just wait for repairs
there we go oh oh hear what some guy got
over this MRAP so I could kill him what
thank you I'll take that I am most
displeased I kind of believe just what
happened there actually I can believe
what happened right there that pretty
much summarizes this the evening fuck's
sake ah ok war tonight oh god no ok it's
not that funny it's just funny for me ok
ok those are the calm down for a second
Oh
Sorry Sorry they're just really maybe
okay so I am he just made me laugh so
much because like it's like that tank I
totally screwed me over and then the MK
11 again this is just too much oh god
seriously like on top of everything else
that's all it's like I'll try my best
and like you know I was repairing that
tank and I helped that tank actually
like survive that situation like if I
hadn't if I hadn't got out and repaired
him that tank would have gone down so i
saved the tank some bastard steals my
position in the tank and then the same
sniper kills me again oh dear God okay
let's get I'm sorry sorry there is just
in that moment dd's like oh man ok let's
can this transfer alley that's just too
much for me seriously Oh God ok see you
a man huh what the water oh my god
what's happening Oh dear me this is too
much today what is this team what is
this team I'm some spawning only on you
now super are you dead in the water are
you okay your kill cam shows dead in
line oh ok Oh for crying out loud